Optimize (CQA) - Mng content - Synchronizing (#4872)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_synchronizing-content-to-foreman.adoc

= Synchronizing content to {Project}

[role="_abstract"]

> Synchronize added repositories to download content into {Project}, then keep it current with on-demand runs or recurring sync plans.

Author: ```suggestion
Synchronize added repositories to download content into {Project}, then keep it current with ad hoc runs or recurring sync plans.
```
